in this video we will not make fun of the terrible
script, bad acting "my firearm is my friend"
and ridiculous neurotoxin
presented in this movie, No
in this video we seriously analyze the threat
that makes you want to kill yourself faster then
you can scream
Flower
We follow Marky Mark look at the
dumb mistakes he and the squad make
and figure out what we would do instead to
survive and ultimately beat the happening
New York is in chaos all over New York people
randomly start competing of who can
perform the most creative suicide
in the opening scenes there is a lot of happening
in the happening we got profound observations,
we got action loaded shots and we have
Mark hitting on his 15 year old student
"because your face is perfect. The
problem is your face is perfect at 15"
I will not go into this when Mark gets summoned
by his principal, not because of his misbehaviour,
he is told that there has been an airborne
biochemical terrorist attack at central park
The symptoms are confused speech, physical
disorientation and finally suicide and suddenly
i am very okay with covid and pm 2.5
If a fatal airborne biochemical is
released i think it is safe to say not
to leave your house whatever the reason
tape shut your windows and wait it out but even
with completely sealed windows it is difficult
if not impossible to make your home airtight once
the chemical enters you are pretty much done for
We don't know yet how the chemical is absorbed
by humans but most likely it's through the
airways however for what we know it could
also enter our bloodstream through the skin
The best way to stay safe in this situation
would be to get a military-ranked airtight
overall plus same level gas mask
ain't no neurotoxin getting you in there
If you have an airtight bunker with
a sophisticated filtration system
and enough canned food for several months then you
may take use of that too until the situation has
improved just make sure you can receive and send
out signals to communicate and stay up to date
also you may want to store appropriate gear
in there as well if you need to peek outside
for whatever reason don't forget some legos
mangas and well other sources of entertainment
In the movie Philadelphia gets evacuated which
is probably the best way to go for most people
since the tools i have mentioned
before aren't easy accessible for
the average person - at least not prior 2020
But evacuating a massive city like Philadelphia
comes along with different kind of challenges
having a population of well over 5 million people,
I am surprised there isn't much more of a mess
I mean if people are choking each other to get
some toilet paper these days, I don't want
to know what would happen in this situation
The biochemical gas has either reached
or been released in Philadelphia by now
that is three hours since the first incident
in New York logical conclusions are that
it's either another separate attack or
it traveled from New York down south
if it traveled down south we can assume that the
toxin travels around 40 meters per second given
the distance between NYC and Philadelphia that
is pretty fast and impossible to outrun and still
very difficult to drive away from
The dangers of an airborne attack
are mainly caused by its unpredictable nature and
incredible fast spread both dependent on the wind
direction humidity and other environmental factors
such as temperature which we have no control over
Interestingly enough the chemical doesn't
seem to affect animals as we can see here
not sure what that means but it sounds like what a
scientist would say before
he would solve the problem
The train that our characters took to get out
of the city has stopped in the middle of nowhere
Everyone gathers at the local diner and we
get to see another yet highly creative suicide
it seems like the neurotoxin not only makes people
invent incredible ways to dispose of themselves
but it also seems to turn off
any kind of pain sensation
sort of like being in a trance state if that's
the case then things start to look pretty grim
because there is no chance of survival once it
enters your body so you better avoid any contact
The best way to do that is get the hell out of
the affected area newest reports show that the
only affected area thus far is the northeast
and that it is probably no terrorist attack
If it isn't a terrorist attack then
the next plausible explanation would
be the government screwed something
up again and now tries to cover it up
In any way getting as far away as
possible is a simple thing to do
I personally wouldn't take any
chances and drive up north to Canada
and don't stop until eventually reach Ivujinik
That is here in case you wonder but i wouldn't
stop there neither, no once i arrived
there i would make my way further up
until i have reached the land of Nunavut
so i can finally chill with some Inuit
Mark Wahlberg's friend has the incredibly heroic
idea to go and save his wife who is
somewhere in the middle of the attack
he decides to pass his seven-year-old
daughter to his buddies in mere seconds
and drives off with a couple of strangers
I ain't got no kids but that's sort of the
wrong priority lane isn't it your wife is a
grown-up woman stuck amidst a deadly bio-attack
you are as clueless as anybody else so you're
therefore completely useless even if you make
it to her and if you somehow can escape together
she could have totally escaped on her own as well
So leaving your daughter behind.. I don't know
man, maybe the toxin has already sabotaged his
brain or he never wanted any kids to begin with
and jumps onto the first chance to get rid of it
At first i thought she started screaming
because of the people hanging from the trees
but then i realized she doesn't like math neither
"i'm gonna give you a math riddle
okay are you gonna tell me the answer"
jokes aside using math to distract people probably
won't work on ninety percent of the population
but if you need to get rid of them you may try
it mark's buddy here realizes pretty quickly
that they are doomed but let's be honest that was
pretty clear to begin with when he sees to cut in
the cloth cover he knows exactly what's coming but
in my humble opinion that's just freaking weird
that cloth is by no means airtight meaning if the
toxin needs such a huge passage to travel through
i don't know what those people are afraid
of according to the logic in this scene the
molecules of the toxin must be so huge
you should see them with the naked eye
That storyline ended pretty quickly
Meanwhile mark his wife and the
kid travel with an elderly pair
I love how they spot dead people just meters away
from them implying the neurotoxin is definitely
around here yet nobody puts in the slightest
effort protecting themselves it is well known
by now that it's an airborne chemical that is
wreaking havoc how come none of these people use
something to cover their airways i mean at least
you're actively trying to stay somewhere inside or
cover your mouth and nose with whatever you have
at your disposal those people do literally nothing
ultimately they take a different route and meet a
bunch of other people coming from all directions
reporting deaths everywhere around meaning they
were in an unaffected area with casualties 360
degrees around them if the toxin is literally all
around them it won't allow you to move anywhere
the obvious problem with that is that sitting
tight in an open area will inevitably end in
your death it's just a matter of time but if you
can't move nor sit tight then what can you do
one of the best solutions would be to
seal off your car and make it airtight
assuming you have the appropriate tools to
do that let's calculate how long you could
survive in an airtight vehicle before you die
of carbon dioxide poisoning exhaled by yourself
Our characters drive in a Jeep with pretty large
interior space let's estimate that to around 65
cubic feet of complete airspace the average
person breaths around 300 cubic feet per day
thus that person will decrease room oxygen by
0.75 cubic feet per hour and increase carbon
dioxide by 0.5 cubic feet during the same time
we have 5 characters in the car so we have to
multiply the digits with the factor 5 resulting in
a complete decrease of oxygen of 3.75 cubic feet
per hour and an increase of around 2.5 cubic
feet carbon dioxide per hour dangerous carbon
dioxide levels are above 10 000 parts per million
and especially dangerous above thirty thousand
if we take thirty thousand parts per million as
an arbitrary death point then 1.95 cubic feet co2
inside our airtight jeep would cause a
potentially deadly carbon dioxide poisoning
leaving only roughly around 45 minutes
before our characters would need fresh air
suffocation triggered by low oxygen levels on the
other hand would not happen until well over 60
minutes inside our jeep but the group in our movie
has different plans "We need to stay in groups,
stay together" Thank you captain thank
you for your elaborate presentation
The people pack their stuff and begin their
journey to Mordor is what i would like to say but
they are just heading to Arundel county basically
they have somehow concluded that the neurotoxin
somehow targets larger groups of people and well
Arundel apparently has no significant population
Mastermind right there i can tell you i
wouldn't stay with those people by choice
"My firearm is my friend"
That were his last words
seems like one group got wiped out one thing
less to consider Mark miraculously concludes
that it must be the plants and that the
plants only target large groups indicating
why his group was left out sweet conclusion
and definitely helpful but it doesn't change
the fact that the chemical that's making people
act more awkward than normal is still airborne
I'm not sure what's coming next but to me it is
still very obvious just to wear the right type
of protective wear and stay inside
luckily the next move isn't as
stupid as some of the last few
Mark's group escapes to an abandoned
house and everything in that house is fake for
whatever reason perhaps the movie is hinting
on the mountains of plastic waste produced by
humans if it does it failed also mark seems to
have a little bit of a talk with a fake plant
"Just going to talk in a very positive manner,
giving off good vibes" If Arundel was chosen
because of its insignificant population then
this house should have been the holy grail
I don't see any reason to leave that place
unless it's to gather food meaning they can easily
go for another day or two without having any
besides when you have to abandon your home due
to an attack or something of the like you should
always bring along necessities such as snacks,
water, a knife and other essentials making your
life much easier if the days to come look bad
The little girl gets hungry so naturally they
stop by a random house and have some
fun on the swing hanging from the tree
I for a second forgot they are
escaping an airborne neurotoxin
Mark and the two teens are checking if somebody
lives in the house in the next 30 seconds the
teens get shot through the opening in the windows
by the gentleman owning the house he didn't want
our characters to enter because of the deadly
gas that is lurking outside go figure how about
you get some new windows without any holes in it
This movie is like a project done a day before
deadline but our three characters continue the
development of this sophisticated storyline
and end up at another house whoa
this time a lone woman lives here
She lives off-grid grows her own food and
has no electric line connected to her house
She could be amish
She seems to be another brain dead
character in this movie paired with some paranoid
behavior our character spent the night there
if you had to choose between being an overnight
guest at the lone old paranoid lady's house that's
given off i'll poison you and eat you later vibes
or spend your night outside while a poisonous
toxin is going to kill you would you sleep under a
tree or on a field our characters somehow survived
this night but mark doesn't seem to be able
to avoid conflict with this creepy old lady
but he tries his best to establish common ground
"Just hear me out, see i'm a teacher"
Apparently telling other people that
you're a teacher is a strategy out there
rhetoric 101 established trust
luckily this quick side story ends
fast with Mrs Jones smashing her head through
the windows after the toxin has reached her
God bless her it seems like the flowers don't
care anymore if you are a group of people or
just a solo traveler they target you nonetheless
Mark stuffs a cloth underneath the door to prevent
airflow kind of like a teenager that is about to
light a joint but doesn't want his mom to figure
it out it doesn't work
but the greatest scene has yet to come
mark hears odd sounds and goes having
a look he realizes that his wife and
the girl are playing in the old field hut
over there both places are connected with a
speaking tube allowing effortless communication
"Close the windows and the doors Alma. -Why?"
Why. Really? You've been escaping an airborne
neurotoxin for the past 24 hours what the hell
are you doing over there i don't think this
is the time to hang loose especially when
you know that the toxin that's been killing
thousands of people in the past 24 hours is
probably released by plants you are literally
surrounded by nature and if that isn't enough
you are in an open field making it very easy
for the wind to carry over any airborne chemical
To be honest if this movie is about nature
paying back i would have rather seen zombified
flowers hunting people than seeing whatever
the hell this was for 90 minutes straight